docs: antd hooks revision (#4676)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/antd/hooks/field/useSelect/index.md

});
```

> For more information, refer to the [`CrudFilters` interface documentation &#8594](/docs/api-reference/core/interfaceReferences#crudfilters)

### `defaultValue`

> `defaultValue` allows you to have some options selected by default. Adds extra options to `<select>` component. In some cases like there are many entries for the `<select>` and pagination is required, `defaultValue` may not be present in the current visible options and this can break the `<select>` component. To avoid such cases, A seperate `useMany` query is sent to the backend with the `defaultValue` and appended to the options of `<select>`, ensuring the default values exist in the current options array. Since it uses `useMany` to query the necessary data, the `defaultValue` can be a single value or an array of values like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `defaultValue` is a property that can be used to set default selections for a `<select>` component. This property can add extra options to the `<select>`  component. 

However, issues may arise when the `<select>` component has many entries and pagination is required. In such cases, the `defaultValue` might not be visible among the currently displayed options, which could cause the `<select>` component to malfunction. 

To prevent this, a separate `useMany` query is sent to the backend carrying the `defaultValue` and added to the options of the `<select>` component, ensuring that the default values are always present in the current array of options.

Since the `useMany` query is used to query the necessary data, the `defaultValue` can be a single value or an array of values like the following:
```

> `defaultValue` allows you to have some options selected by default. Adds extra options to `<select>` component. In some cases like there are many entries for the `<select>` and pagination is required, `defaultValue` may not be present in the current visible options and this can break the `<select>` component. To avoid such cases, A seperate `useMany` query is sent to the backend with the `defaultValue` and appended to the options of `<select>`, ensuring the default values exist in the current options array. Since it uses `useMany` to query the necessary data, the `defaultValue` can be a single value or an array of values like the following:

Reviewer: Maybe more clear?
